This purpose of this application is to demonstrate the triggering of cloud function on basis of stackdriver logs 
and updating the metadata of Compute Engine while VM is created

The overall flow is:-
a)  The VM creation information is logged into Stack Driver logs.
b)  In the Stack Driver, creation logs are passed into a pubsub queue through Sink injestion
c)  The logs are consumed by a Cloud FUnction from the PubSub.
d)  The cloud function triggers a Python method to create a metadata with user details for the VM.

Detailed Steps:-

1)  Create a pubsub topic
    gcloud pubsub topics create vm-audit-logs
    
2)  Create a VM instance and stop it by below commands
    gcloud compute instances create --zone=asia-south1-a instance-1
    gcloud compute instances stop --zone=asia-south1-a instance-1
    
3)  Now we need to configure the stack driver to put VM creation logs in a sink. Below are the steps for the same
    i)  GO to stack driver logs and select "GCE VM Instance > All instance_id" in the first dropdown and 
        "cloudaudit.googleapis.com/activity" in then 2nd dropdown. Then click ok.
    ii) The view pane is now displaying all logs for Compute Engine. Now expand an insert log message--> expand protoPayLoad
        element --> click on methodName: "v1.compute.instances.insert" and then click "Show matching entries". Now only insert
        messages are displayed in the view pane
    iii) Then go to last log message in the view pane--> expand the operation element --> Click on the last: true line and select 
        "Show matching entries" 
         
4)    Now we need to configure sink to export message to pubsub. Click on Create Sink and provide the below values
      Sink Name: instance-insert-sink
      Sink Service: Cloud Pub/Sub
      Sink Destination: vm-audit-logs (the Cloud Pub/Sub topic we created earlier as the sink destination)
      
5)    We will now create a Cloud Function to consume the message from PubSub topic and process it to get the VM details
      and add a metadata to the VM with the Creator's email ID
      i)  Go the the Cloud Functions console and click on Create Function
      ii) Provide the below details
          Name: addVmCreatorMetadata
          Trigger: "Cloud Pub/Sub"
          Topic: "vm-audit-logs"
      iii)  Copy the contentents from main.py and requirements.txt and paste them. Then click create
      
 6) Now will we create a vm to trigger the cloud Function. Use the below command
    gcloud compute instances create --zone=asia-south1-a instance-2
    
 7) Once the VM gets created successfully, go to the Stackdriver and check the logs, it should have logs for VM creation
 
 8) Now go to the newly created VM and open it. The Metadata must have a creator key with email address. This is the one added 
    by cloud functions.
      
